Are you really ready for it?
I would go away
from here, but I can't.
When I can't be an emergency
room doctor anymore
is it okay to be a
chaplain in the hospital?
I am happy about the chance.
The new drugs are not working?
Have you thought about
an operation again?
The brain pacemaker?
Yes, I have thought carefully.
Especially with
regard to the risks...
I could lose my
memories and my life.
Or it can change
your life, Rollie.
Fields says you would
be a good candidate.
But maybe not much longer.
Yes I know that.
I think you should change
your mind because...
It looks like a disaster,
an apartment fire.
Look, I understand what you
were saying, Dr.  Campbell.
But I've made up my mind.
Fine, but there are
rules for your new job.
You can give advice and comfort
to those who
wish, but you can...
I am not allowed to
treat patients, understood.
The first emergency vehicle will
be on the ramp in two minutes.
Hey guys.  30 to 40
patients come straight away.
So smoke inhalation,
burns and injuries.
You in the second year, what
do you do first with burn victims?
-Intubate early...
-... with burned airways.
Expect fluid deficit.
Rollie, good to see you.
Likewise, Leanne.
-Dr.  Guthrie...
-No, I'm just Rollie.
You're still a doctor.
This way I don't
confuse the patients.
I am there to support you.
That pleases me.
Leighton, Pineda,
Savetti, take care!
Disturbed families
are coming soon.
Yes, I will be there.
What's up?
A 55-year-old, smoke inhalation
and shortness of breath.
He complains of
severe chest pain.
Lola?  Lola!
-His daughter.
-Lola!
She lost her balance as
she helped him up the ladder.
She fell two floors.
-Come with you?
-No, another car.
What is going on here?
A 28 year old.  2nd degree
burns to chest and neck.
Diffuse wheezing
after smoke inhalation.
Okay, why is it fixed?
Acute restlessness.
Absolutely incoherent.
She must be confused
about the lack of oxygen.
My daughter.  She saved me.
Let's take him to
the Center Stage.
It's arabic.  She's talking
about a baby.  Is there a baby
There may be a baby in
one of the cars.  Check it out!
Eloise, ask at
headquarters for a baby
- that came unaccompanied.
-Get a translator.
Center Stage?
Is busy.
It has to be in the side panel.
Where is he?  Where is the child?
Sir, lean back in.
You have to breathe.
Child?  Her child?
No!  The little bastard that
it was.  He started the fire!
He burned down my building!
Breathe with me.
Breathe... calmly...
Your wheezing is getting worse.
We need ventilation and 5
units of Haldoperidol per IV.
Scissors.
-What do you have here?
-A 26 year old, passed out,
blunt injuries on the abdomen,
defensive tension and on both sides
Injuries to the lower
limbs, pulse not felt.
Okay, Doppler confirmation.
That's okay.
Hurry up.
I need to know how
my daughter is doing.
Where's Lola?  My chest hurts
I will give you pain medication.
He has to go to cardiology,
looks like a heart attack.
That is not enough.  At 1 and
2, the ST extension depression,
-and the increase under aVR?
- Infarct, left main artery.
He'll need a bypass.
Let the OP know.
Prepare everything.
No blood flow in the foot, it
needs to be directed.  Dr.  Willis?
I'm on my way.
Thank you.  Ready?
Do you have the foot?
One two Three.
Dr.  Willis!
He's having a heart attack!
Go on, check the
pulse and re-shine.
I start the resuscitation.
Daddy  Daddy!  I love you.
We have to get him
out of here right now.
Dad!
Daddy i love you
-Daddy.
-Keep still, okay?
Your ankle is not stable.
Your dad had a heart attack
and is going to be operated on.
We take care of him.
Good blood circulation in the foot.
She needs an abdominal
CT after splinting.
The drugs are there.
OK.
Kerlix and silver sulfadiazine.
Will be done.
A boy of four months.
Slight burns 1st and
2nd degree, good values.
See, your baby was found.
He is safe.
He has to go to the neonatal unit.
Let her see him, please.
She can't hold him
because of the burns.
You're welcome.
Here you go.  Fast.
OK?  Chill out.
There it is, see?
He's okay  I have
to treat him now.
He'll be over there.
Chill out.
Something is not right.
-She said babies.
-What?
Babies.  Not baby, babies.
Moment.  There are two?
Are there two babies?
There are two.  They are twins.
Tell the driver to
turn off the alarm.
Okay good.
I said they are twins.
They just brought us a baby.
We made some
sacrifices at St. Joe's.
I called St. Joe's.
Well, I'll check.  Description?
About six months, female...
Do I really have to
describe a baby to you?
You know what?  Just bring
all of the babies here, okay?
I need to see my father, please.
Can anyone hear me
Is there a doctor here?
-Someone who...
-What's going on here?
I want to see my father,
but nobody brings me to him.
Because you have two broken legs
and a liver injury.
You have nowhere to go
He's also still in the operating room.
Do you want to be fixed
You don't understand.
We argued and...
I said something.
Fathers and daughters
are always fighting.
What I said to him must
not have been the last.
I have to tell him I'm sorry.
When he's out of the operating
room, I'll try to take you there.
When?
Hey Risa.  How about Emanuel?
No you have to do that.
That can't wait.
You have to tell him I'm sorry.
You're welcome.
That's crazy.
Rollie Guthrie has the jackpot.
The operation cannot be
performed on everyone.
Okay, sew the fabric
away from the blockage.
Next to the left
coronary artery.  All right.
You told him time
is running out, right?
That he won't be a
candidate forever?
He knows that.
This is insane.
- Did you ask him why?
-I beg your pardon?
Of course not.
Try to ask him why he
doesn't want the surgery.
Maybe he has a good reason.
She says the baby was in
the back room, it's called Adira.
She speaks very quickly.
I understand.
Not your words, but what
you're going through, okay?
Dr.  Rorish.
We found the baby.
It'll come in a few minutes.
How is the condition?
It is alive, but it
shows no reaction.
Should i tell her
No not yet.
Are you still in pain?
We can give you more.
That's him!  That's him!
He burned my house down!
Sir, you have to
stay in your bed, yes?
Jared!  Thank god!
Can you hear me?  Jared?
This is my son.  Is he alright?
Why is he not responding?
He has 2nd degree burns
on his chest and stomach.
See who finally shows up.
What?  Larry!
Twice a week I'll
turn off your fire alarm
because your child
is burning their food.
He likes to cook.
He has to cook.
You are never there.
I blame you!
Your irresponsibility burned
the whole house down!
It wasn't me, dad.  I swear.
Just stay down.
If my son says it
wasn't him, it wasn't him.
Call the police!
Leave him in peace!
-It's just your...
-Don't touch me.
That's enough!
I said that's enough!
Come on, get her out.
Go back to your bed.
You left him alone.
These people are dead.
This is your fault, Devon!
-Dr.  Rorish.
-Forgiveness.  What do we have here?
A 30 year old with minor
injuries, severe bradycardia
Hypotensive from
smoke inhalation.
Center Stage is full,
take her to the side area.
Your son, Jack.
Hi Jack.  We'll take good
care of your mom, right?
Eloise will take care of you.
Ok go  She needs
high-flow oxygen.
Ready?  One two Three.
Check your pulse, Malaya.
The pulse is down to around 20.
Atropine doesn't work.
Should we give her dopamine?
The fire department found
this next to her in her room.
Atenolol.
This is a beta blocker overdose.
Dopamine doesn't work,
she needs glucagon.
I'm losing her pulse,
starting resuscitation.
Dr.  Willis, did you
want to see me?
I want to know how
Emanuel Johnson is doing.
Still unconscious,
but stable.  How so?
I have a message
from his daughter.
When he wakes up,
will you page me?
Dr.  Willis, it's about Lola.
What happened?
She wanted to see her dad, and
her blood pressure plummeted.
We have a baby here.
Is this the other twin?
The paramedics just found them.
No burns.
She was stuck in a
room full of smoke.
The pulse is slow at
160, capillarization time.
Dr.  Dixon, what do you see?
Retinal hemorrhage.
And cherry skin.
This is CO poisoning.
-Mommy?
-Sorry, he ran away.
Get him out now!
The glucagon is there.
It has to work.
Looks like she tore
open the liver wound.
We have to stop the bleeding.
Your stomach is full of blood.
Center Stage, go.
Put them in a
hyperbaric chamber.
It needs hyperbaric
oxygen to replace
the carbon monoxide
in hemoglobin.
-I'm going to get a senior doctor.
-No.
Nobody is here except you.
What?
Four emergency vans
come up the ramp.
-Rollie, go with me.
-I am not allowed to treat.
You are in front of the chamber.
No time to discuss.
She has to get in there immediately.
-Come on!
-Let's go.
Jesse, good.  Give
me two units, far up.
All right.
Systolic blood
pressure is at 64.
Appears posterior, presumably
the inferior vena cava.
Let's try a Pringle maneuver.
That gives us time
until the operation.
The bleeding subsides.
The blood pressure rises.
It's not over the mountain.
Let's take her to the operating room.
Your oxygen levels drop rapidly.
You have to intubate.
Never have I ever
intubated a baby.
Dr.  Dixon, listen to me.
You are your only chance.
Do you understand?
You can do it.
The baby's relatively large
head causes the neck to flex.
Put a towel under your
shoulder for a better view.
Good Good.
Very gently.
Tell me what you see
Nothing.  The vocal
cords are too far forward.
Use a Miller laryngoscope
to elevate the epiglottis.
Concentration, Dr.  Dixon.
There is only you
and your patient.
I see nothing.
Fine
Then lift it up and
slide the tube in.
Your heart stopped!
I need help!
-I can't open the door.
-The room is under pressure.
Elliot, start the resuscitation.
Check the pulse.
Damn it.
How long has she been asystolic?
For 32 minutes.
Explain death.
No.
No, I can go on.
Dr.  Dixon, you
did what you could.
You have to
explain death, I can't.
Time of death, 11:01 p.m.
Please get me out of here.
That will not do.
We have to decompress
the chamber first.
How long?
About an hour.
I'm sorry son
I wish I could have helped.
Is that the pastor's daughter?
Lola.
Dr.  Pinkney and I stopped
the bleeding, but the
liver is injured, and possibly
the vena cava as well.
As long as the
vessels are supplied,
we can save most of their liver.
Yes...
She wanted me to tell her
father something important.
He's not awake.
She's bleeding again.
I'm coming.
We didn't save
Emanuel to let her die.
Can I please assist?
See you in there.
Rima, I'm so sorry.
The doctors did
everything they could...
... they couldn't
save your baby.
I'm so sorry.
How many died in the fire?
You know Jared...
We see really bad
things here every day.
Terrible accidents.
But they are accidents.
I was playing with
fireworks on the roof.
Just a few firecrackers.
I was just playing around.
One of them caught fire
and fell down a drainpipe.
I was scared of what to say.
I shouldn't be up there.
I didn't know anything
was happening.
All of these people
are hurt because of me.
You are dead because of me.
How long is he in there?
Thirty-seven minutes.
Dr.  Guthrie, the pastor who was
admitted, asks
about the chaplain.
Are you going.
I'm staying here with Elliot.
OK.
Hey, Tracy.  How do you feel?
I sent Jack to the
cafeteria with a sister
but he wasn't very hungry.
Don't worry, I'll make
sure he eats something.
He's better off without me.
That's not true.
You do not know me.
That's true.
I saw your scars on your wrists.
You've already
been through this.
A few times.
You have a son.
Do you think I don't know?
We could get you some help.
I just need someone
to take this boy.
He needs a good home.
But you're his mother.
Don't talk like you know me.
You don't do that.  You don't even
know what I was going through.
Where is his father
He left us.
One day he just ran away.
I am so sorry.
He left me all alone.
When I needed him most.
Tracy, listen up.
Your tablets have
slowed your breathing
so that you inhaled less smoke.
As strange as that
is, you wanted to
kill yourself and
that saved your life.
This is a second chance
as it is in the book.
Hey  You can't move like that.
We just operated
on your injured liver.
Did you deliver the
message to my dad?
Not yet.  He's still
passed out from surgery.
He is recovering.  It looks
good, he should be awake soon.
But I'm worried
about you right now.
You have to heal yourself too.
Heal yourself.
That's what my father said.
He always brings it to
his Sunday sermons.
There is only a fine line
between medicine and faith.
Are you a believer, Dr.  Willis?
I believe in medicine.
My dad would have
something to say about that.
As with everything.
Are you close
When it's not on my neck.
He doesn't accept that I am an
adult and can make
my own decisions.
It's hard to let go
of those we love.
He shouldn't let go of me,
just let me go to New York.
What's in New York?
Broadway.
Are you a dancer
A female singer.
I've always been in the
church choir, but when I was 12
I saw Les Misérables.
He always said, "If you want
to find God, go to church."
And if you want to sing,
you go to New York.
Did you fight about it?
He said I am turning away
from him, the church and God.
I said I don't care.
It was a bad argument.
I yelled at him:
"To hell with God!"
His expression.  I could
have spit on him as well.
He must know that I
didn't mean any of that.
He needs to know that I
love him and that I am sorry.
Do you want me to take you
upstairs and tell him yourself?
I need to see a patient.
I'll be back in 10 minutes.
Rima.
I know how difficult
this is for you.
And believe me, there are
no words of comfort for that.
But Sami is still alive.
He will make it.
They have each other.
No, I don't want to see him.
Rima, but he's your son.
I don't want to see him.
My daughter is dead
Okay okay
I'm Rollie Guthrie,
I'm the chaplain here.
You wanted someone
to pray together?
I prayed for my daughter.
Yes of course.
I have to admit, this is
my first day as a pastor.
I am not exactly qualified
in the traditional sense.
I am actually a doctor.
Do you know the bible?
For sure.
This is a good start.
What is bothering you?
No, I'm here
because of you, father.
It helps me that I can help you.
I saw a child die today.
And now you doubt God.
No.
You are human.
And people want answers.
These answers don't come in
the form of any visible evidence.
They require you to believe
in something you can't see.
After all, that's what
we call "belief", isn't it?
Otherwise we
would call it "proof".
My daughter and
I recently had an
argument and I
asked God for help.
And did you get an answer?
He would have more children
if raising them was easy.
Do you have children, Rollie?
Yes a son.
Unfortunately, we are not close.
I try to reach him.
I have to make a decision
and talk to him first.
I'm so sorry.
I am scared, father.
Do you believe in god my son
Yes.
Then you don't
need to be afraid.
Emanuel?  Emanuel!
Emanuel.
His lungs are full of fluids.
Loud diastolic.
The aortic valve is torn.
The pulse is weak.
We have to get him back to
the operating room immediately!
I'll take Lola up to her father.
Haven't you heard?
What?
He had an extremely
bad aortic valve rupture.
We tried emergency intervention
but the cardiogenic
shock was too advanced.
-He died.
-Yes.
I told her I'll get her
up in 10 minutes.
Before an hour.
She doesn't want to see the baby.
Grief is not logical.
No, that is right.
We're lucky we were
able to save one.
I know.
But she is overwhelmed
with grief over the other baby.
The little boy needs her now.
And she needs him.
I want to see him.
Did you tell him I was sorry?
I tried, when I came
he was sleeping.
OK?  I tried.
Then you should
have looked again.
You promised.
You said you'd tell him.
Then you said
you'd take me to him.
And you were too busy.
Now he's dead.
You said you
would be right back.
Now my father will never
know how much I loved him.
That's not correct.
You don't know.
You don't know anything.
-Lola...
-Please go.
I feel very sorry for him.
His mother wanted
to kill herself.
I don't know what to tell him.
Dr.  Pineda believe me
You can't say anything that
will make it better for him.
We reached his
father in New York.
He's flying here, but he'll
be on the road for a while.
Maybe you could talk to him?
No, I can not do that.
Why not?
Because I can not.
Jared?
Dr.  Savetti said you
wanna tell me something.
It's okay.
You are doing the right thing.
I was too scared to
tell you beforehand.
What to say?
That it was me
I set the house on fire.
What?
I was stupid.  I played
around with fireworks...
Fireworks?  Inside?
I was on the roof.
I don't care where it was!
What's wrong with you
Sometimes very slowly.
-People died.
-I am sorry.
You are sorry
I need a lawyer
No you do not need to.
It wasn't him.
Tell him.
The fire started in the basement.
What?
It was due to a
defective power line.
It was my fault.  Not yours.
Forgive me for what
i said  I was wrong.
OK.
LOS ANGELES FIRE DEPARTMENT
He's still very upset.
Let me talk to him.
I lay awake at night, afraid of
the feeling of losing a patient.
But I never thought
that I would...
I know.
Losing a child, especially a
baby, is the hardest
part of the job.
Then I don't want him anymore.
I stop.
What?
I'm sorry.  I can not do this.
Elliot, listen to me.
Do you know why you
are good at the job?
Because these are
not your patients.
They are they.
Do you know what I mean by that?
Almost everyone has compassion.
But empathy
the gift of feeling
what other people feel
you have that in you.
Don't go away.
Because this is not
your job, my son.
This is your destiny.
When you stop
you will regret it for
the rest of your life.
Believe me, my son.
I know that.
Now keep your head up, Dr.  Dixon.
Yes.
Alleluia.
Okay, Tracy.  It looks like...
No no!  Dr.  Rorish!
Dr.  Rorish!
Oh my God!
Let's get her to the
Center Stage, please.
What's happening?
Out of the way!
Watch out!
Get out of the way guys!
Watch out.
I need sutures, a 4-0 and gauze.
Spread out, spread out.
How much blood did she lose?
-At least three liters.
-I put a ZVK.
First the airways.  Intubate.
There's too much blood here.
I can't get to the artery.
-What do we have here?
- Slashed wrists.
Great loss of blood.
Probably still
swelling after the fire.
Put the fiber optics in.
We have to stop this bleeding.
Dr.  Guthrie, I need your help.
Come here, Rollie.  Come on.
I am not allowed to
cross the orange line.
Rollie!  Open your eyes!
What?  What do you mean by that?
Rollie!  Open your eyes.
Come on.
Open your eyes.
Come back to consciousness.  Good.
Go on, yes.  Open your eyes.
Rollie, you're in the operating room.
You are a little disoriented
from the anesthesia.
I'm not ready for surgery yet.
It sounded different a week ago.
We've been here for four
hours and it's going great.
Rollie, let's move on
to the questions now.
Which questions?
We asked you to answer
personal questions,
so I know that I
won't break anything.
I love this song.
-Go to the next question.
-OK.
Rollie, what university
did you go to?
NYU.
Very good.
OK.
Where did you do
your specialist training?
Angels.
How many kids do you have
I have a son.
Cole.
Rollie...
What was your father's name
People want answers.
These answers don't come in
the form of any visible evidence.
You have to believe in
something that you cannot see.
Emanuel.
He was a pastor.
We need nitroglycerin
by IV. 0.05 milligrams.
That's why we call it "belief".
Otherwise we
would call it "proof".
What do you think rollie
I am sure.
You sure?  Not more?
I am scared, father.
Do you believe in god my son
Yes.
Then you don't have to be afraid.
Emanuel?
Daddy
Now keep your head up, Dr.  Dixon.
Why do you call me that?
My name is Rollie...
Rollie Guthrie.
Tears stream
Down your face
When you lose something
that you can't replace
Tears stream
She said babies.
Not baby, babies.
There are two.  They are twins.
This is CO poisoning.
We're lucky we were
able to save one.
But the death of the other
baby consumes them completely.
He let me down when
I needed him most.
You should talk to him.
- I can not.
- Why not?
Because I'm on the plane.
I was not here.
You left him alone
and now there are dead.
It's on you, Rollie.
No.
Tears stream
Down your face
When you lose something
that you can't replace
Tears stream
Down your face
The lights will lead you home
And inflame your bones
And I'll try to heal you
Welcome back.
Rollie, you did a great job.
None of this was real?
I am not the pastor?
Pastor?  We don't have that.
You are a doctor, Rollie.
You always will be.
Dr.  Guthrie?
Why are you crying
Why is Cole not there?
Dad, dad.  I'm right here.
Cole.
I came last night remember
There is something
I have to tell you son.
Come on guys.
Take a rest, dad.
We have a lot of time.
No, I have to tell you now.
There is something
you don't know
You had a twin, Cole.
A sister.  Her name was Lola.
Okay dad.
For now, calm down...
No, just listen.
I have to tell you
She died when you
were only a year old.
We never told you.
It was a terrible tragedy, Cole.
I got out of the hospital late
and looked after you two.
But neither of you was breathing.
It was a carbon monoxide leak.
Dad, this is not the time...
But.  Listen to me.
I got you both and
your mother out.
I ventilated you first.
And you finally woke up
but when I reached for Lola...
She was freezing then.
Cole, I wanted to save
her, I really wanted to
but it was too late.
No, Cole, listen to me.
Your mother loved you,
my son.  She loved you
But she couldn't take
the loss of your sister.
You...
No no.
No, that wasn't the whole truth.
We were lucky.
We were able to save one.
I was overwhelmed by
the grief for the other child.
It was me, Cole.
I couldn't cope with the loss.
Your mother was
doing badly, I knew that
but I couldn't help her.
Because I didn't know
how to help myself.
I am so sorry my son.
I am so sorry.
I love you more
than anything, but...
...I have disappointed you.
I have disappointed you.
No, you didn't let me down, dad.
You didn't let me down.
It's OK.
I love you too.
And I am here now.
I love you my son
I love you too.